Updated the Devices section (#2121)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/Documentation~/read-keyboard-text-input.md

# Read text input

> To listen to text input, hook into [`Keyboard.onTextInput`](xref:UnityEngine.InputSystem.Keyboard.onTextInput). This delivers character-by-character input as reported by the platform, including input from on-screen keyboards. As a best practice, don't manually translate text input from key presses by trying to string together the characters corresponding to the keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive text input from a keyboard, set up a callback on the [`Keyboard.onTextInput`](xref:UnityEngine.InputSystem.Keyboard.onTextInput) event. This delivers character-by-character input as reported by the platform, including input from on-screen keyboards. As a best practice, don't manually translate text input from key presses by trying to string together the characters corresponding to the keys.
```
